add plugin GLPI AI (#105)
pluginsGLPI/doc: source/glpiai/organization.rst

Create an organization
----------------------

> From your this URL, https://platform.openai.com/account/organization, create an organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating an OpenAI account, your can create an organization from your account settings under the **Organization** tab or by accessing the page directly at https://platform.openai.com/account/organization.
```

> Keep the **organization ID** value, you need to insert it in the GLPI plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the **Organization ID** value, as you will need to insert it in the GLPI AI plugin configuration.
```
